
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q7, 3.30, Summer 2019   (c) DL, UTA, 2019


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud service provider is AWS.

 4+ In order to give as many people the opportunity to demo in the last few minutes, you may only demo ONE Question in the
    last 5 minutes of the quiz time or for the few minutes afterward. 

 4++ Please open one window for the load testing software and another (or more) for the interface to the cloud based application,
     when needed. Some questions may also require that you open multiple different windows (or tabs) on DIFFERENT/SEPERATE browser
     instances (locally).
     You will need to use the files (data) associated with this quiz, for a list of classes and students, and associated information.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

    You are asked to build a very minimal course registration system. It will (of course) be cloud based, on AWS.
    Students will be allowed to enroll for up to 3 classes, as long as there is room (seats) in each requested class.
    Only students who have already been accepted, whose names are on the student list, may enroll for classes.
    Your interface will be of two different views: the first is the student view where she may enter her name and either view
    the courses she is enrolled in OR enroll in a new course (if available). The second is the administrators view, who may see
    how many students, and who the names are, for (in) any single (one) class. Classes are specified by a class number and section
    number, some classes have more than one section. For security reasons, the student view and the administrator view must 
    run on different instances and must be viewable in different browsers.
 
 5. Show us the student view. Show us instances running.

 6. Show us the administrators view. Show us instances running.

 7. Show a web page (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name and student ID in large blue font at the top of 
    the web page dispayed (for this quiz) 
    Then show the time (actual time, not time used) and below that a counter which increases each time there is a page request.

    Then, using your load test tool, test (simulate) multiple users who are using your cloud application. 
    We will give you a number of users to simulate. 
    Using "auto scaling", create multiple instances based on CPU utilization (set the threshold so that you will create multiple
    instances), then when requests have decreased, show us scaling down.
 
    Monitor (test) the cloud execution with your load test tool, capture, and explain results. 
    Show us in a browser the web page, and also show us the number of instances.

 10. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.
